[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
COLD SWEAT
[Hiroki] If you had the choice,
would you rather be
a screwdriver or a monkey wrench?
[Hiroki] Hey, you dreaming or what?
[humming]
What was that?
If you were a tool,
which one would you choose?
Can't you think of anything
less dumb to ask?
Sure. Are you still in love with Ulrich
or aren't ya?
Ah! I'll never be a tool,
but you'll always be a fool!
[Hiroki laughs]
[Milly] Get your Kadic news
hot off the presses!
Rosa and the tuna salad caper.
Jim Morales,
the former professional athlete,
tells how to throw the shot put
without breaking a toe.
Mrs. Hertz reveals
how to make a voltmeter out of your MP3
with just a few simple operations.
Plus an exclusive picture
of the secret past of Yumi Ishiyama.
Huh?
But where did you get that picture?
Sorry, but we never reveal our sources.
It's an absolutely
fundamental rule of journalism.
All we can tell you is that
it's one of your very best friends,
and that at this very minute,
he's in the rec room.
[grumbles]
[Yumi] Wait until I get my hands on him!
How could you do something so lame?
-What's wrong? I didn't say his name.
-Hmm.
[theme music]
[Odd] It's the Champion's Cup final.
The favorites, Brazilian Coffee Beans,
lead six to five
against the German Liverwursts.
The tension is high.
You can hardly hear a pin drop
-as Walter Brem--
-[phone rings]
Another one of your girlfriends, I'll bet.
Hello?
Oh, hi, Milly. Yeah, what's happening?
Hmm?
What? But why did she have to do that?
That's the last time
I'll ever give you a scoop!
Can we play now?
Yeah sure, right away.
Ulrich, I've got a little problem
with Yumi,
you really have to bail me out this time!
What did you do know, Odd?
A little practical joke. Nothing at all,
but you gotta say it was you.
Hmm?
I mean, please?
I asked you what you did, Odd.
Please, in the name of our friendship.
I'm gonna regret this. I know it.
You'll do it? Lyoko warrior's honor?
-Yeah, okay.
-[Odd] Great!
-[Yumi] Odd?
-Hmm?
Are you the one who gave
this photo to Tamiya and Milly?
Why are you angry? You look adorable.
[Sissi] For once in his life,
Odd the dope is right.
It's true,
pink does wonders for you, Yumi.
-[Yumi] Hmm?
-[Ulrich] Hmm?
When I think of all the times
you made fun of my look.
-You must feel like an idiot.
-[all laughing]
Black is my color!
Black like your eye'll be
if you don't back off!
[Sissi] Huh! Come on, boys.
Let me beat you at ping pong again.
[sighs]
This time Odd, you're gonna be sorry,
because I'm gonna give Delmas a list
of all the pranks you've pulled
over the past two years.
I'm sure he'll be happy to have it.
-You're wrong, Yumi.
-[Yumi] Hmm?
-I gave the picture to Milly and Tamiya.
-[Yumi] Huh?
[gasps]
It was you? But why'd you do it?
I, um, haven't the slightest idea.
Dumb dork.
[Yumi] Don't ever speak to me again!
You really are a good buddy. Thanks.
Don't bet on that.
Hmm.
-[grumbles]
-[students laughing]
[laughing]
Yumi, lend me
your pink princess costume for Halloween.
Can I use your wig?
Why don't you shut up?
-[Jeremy] Are you okay, Yumi?
-Hmm?
You look upset. Is anything wrong?
I don't want to talk about it.
What's happening?
We just located a new Replika
in the network.
We're gonna destroy it tonight.
See you at the factory later.
I'll be there. I've got history now.
See ya!
Let's face it,
she does look awful in pink.
Although the color
really looks great on you, Aelita.
[theme music]
[tense music]
[Aelita] It's okay, Jeremy.
-The Skid is docked.
-[Jeremy] That's great.
I'll activate the tower.
[zooming]
Well, who's gonna get teleported tonight?
I vote for Yumi and Ulrich.
They're good together on a mission.
No way! I'd rather go out
on my own than go with him!
I don't believe it!
Whoa, chill out, Yumi.
Why don't you and Odd go this time?
-Yeah, sure.
-[Ulrich] And why not with me?
He wasn't dumb enough to make me look bad
in front of the whole school!
Odd, we've gotta talk.
I just changed my mind.
Uh too busy for that. Sorry.
Teleportation time Jeremy!
Come on, will you? Wake up!
Patience, okay, Odd?
Why is everyone so wound up tonight?
Energize Odd.
[Jeremy] Energize Yumi.
[both grunt]
-[action music]
-[wind howling]
[Jeremy] Where are you?
[Yumi] Uh…
In the middle of a snowstorm!
That's like any one of a thousand areas.
I think I can see some kind of a base.
We'll go check it out.
-[Jeremy] Gotcha. Okay.
-Come on, let's go!
[panting]
Be careful, guys.
[theme music]
[zooming]
Tell me, Ulrich, what did you do
to Yumi to make her angry with you?
It seems that I gave
that picture of her to the Kadic News.
That sounds more like
the kind of idiotic stunt
that Odd would pull.
Funny you should say that.
Yumi must really hate you.
Got any ideas
of how to get back on her good side?
The only way is to tell her the truth.
-[action music]
-[wind howling]
[Yumi] Jeremy, I think I found a clue.
It says "Union Base."
[Yumi] Position 63 degrees,
16 minutes North,
143 degrees, 15 minutes East.
[computer beeping]
You're in Siberia, at a scientific base
that XANA's taken control of.
I'll see if I can download a floor plan.
Go on inside in the meantime.
[sighs]
How could Ulrich
have ever done such a thing?
I've never been this mad
at anybody in my life!
Even the day when I threw
your math homework in the incinerator?
[Odd laughing]
It was a great gag though.
Are you trying to get
on my hit list or what?
Oh, come on. Relax, Yumi.
After all, you've gotta admit
the photo thing was funny, wasn't it?
Ha ha ha. No!
-Oh, yeah, sure it was.
-[grumbles]
-[Odd] You don't think so?
-It was mean and nasty!
I don't even know if I can call Ulrich
a friend after what he did.
What do you think?
Um, nothing. Why don't we just concentrate
on the mission?
Hey Jeremy, how's the floor plan coming?
[Jeremy] It's coming.
[computer blipping]
Okay, now I've got you.
Head for the staircase
at the end of the corridor.
It'll take you right down to the basement.
[Odd] We're on our way, Einstein.
Rats! An activated tower!
Yumi, XANA's counter attacking!
[Yumi] Roger.
[Odd] What kind of attack?
[Jeremy] Search me. Surprise.
[lightning cracks]
[both exclaim]
William!
[Yumi] Did you get that, Jeremy?
XANA's managed to teleport William!
That is a pretty awful surprise.
[Odd] Sure is.
This might be a good time
to deactivate the tower.
I'm on it.
You two head for the door
on the other side of the room.
Aelita, activated tower east
of your position.
[Aelita] We're on our way!
Disembarking!
-[Jeremy] Here come your vehicles.
-[Aelita] Thanks, Jeremy.
[engine revving]
[tense music]
Laser arrow!
[grunts]
[kisses]
[Yumi] Come on, Odd.
Hurry up!
-[Odd] I'm coming.
-[Yumi and Odd grunt]
[grumbles]
[tense music]
[growls]
[Yumi] Jeremy,
William has blocked the door!
Don't panic.
I'll take care of it in no time.
[computer beeping]
Okay, I just have to crack the code
for the electromagnetic lock.
Can you hold out that long?
[Yumi] We'll try.
[William growls]
Laser arrow!
[Odd grunts]
[both straining]
-[Odd] Laser arrow!
-[cries out]
There you go. Open sesame, guys!
[whirring and clanking]
[Odd] Nice going, Einstein!
Laser arrow!
Jeremy, which way do we go?
Take the second hallway on your left.
[Yumi] Okay, we're off!
[typing]
Ulrich, Aelita, how's it going?
We can see the activated tower.
[Jeremy] Good. From this end,
everything's cool for the moment.
Go for it.
-[engine revving]
-[action music]
[powering up]
[gasps]
[grunts]
-That's what I call coordination!
-[Jeremy] You're gonna need it.
Two Tarantulas at eleven o'clock.
[laser blasting]
[Aelita] Strategic retreat.
[Aelita and Ulrich yell]
[metal creaks]
[grumbling]
-[panting]
-[menacing music]
Odd, Yumi. William is on your tail!
Hide somewhere
until Aelita has deactivated the tower.
[Odd] Okay, we'll hide in the room
just in front of us.
[Odd] Wow! This looks like
Dr. Shrank's laboratory.
-[machine hissing]
-[Yumi] What's this stuff, I wonder?
[Odd] Beats me.
Looks like some kind of soup.
And it's beginning
to look like brain soup!
-[Yumi] Hmm.
-[Odd groans]
Listen, Ulrich, Odd and Yumi
have William to deal with.
I hope Aelita's already in the tower.
[tense music]
[Ulrich gasps]
Nearly there.
[Ulrich] We'll have to force
our way through.
Have you got a better idea?
No.
Do you think it might work?
Super sprint!
[yells]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Aelita gasps]
Well done, princess.
[panting]
I'll wait here for you.
[ethereal music]
[both] Hmm?
[Yumi] He never gives up!
[Yumi] Jeremy, William is here.
Don't sweat it.
Aelita's already in the tower.
Uh, Jeremy?
A problem?
This tower commands
William's teleportation,
so the interface must contain
the protocols and programs
that XANA uses to control him.
Yeah, so?
[Aelita] So, if we hack into the data,
maybe we find a way to free William.
That's right. Aelita, you're a genius!
I'll send you the programs.
[yells]
Yoo-hoo! William!
Huh?
[grunts]
Laser arrow!
-[laughs]
-[clinking]
Oh, I'm out of ammunition!
[grunts]
Jeremy, it's no picnic around here.
Is Aelita gonna
deactivate the tower or not?
Uh, yeah. Right. Yeah. Hang on a minute.
Okay Aelita, I've got what I need.
You can enter the code Lyoko.
-[grunts]
-[growls]
No!
-[ethereal music]
-[computer beeping]
[grunts]
-[Yumi exhales]
-Nap time!
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
[powering down]
[exhales]
Odd and Yumi,
go back into the hallway.
The Supercomputer is not too far away.
[Jeremy] Nap time is over.
That takes care of that.
Now we can go home and get some sleep.
[Jeremy] Not yet.
[Ulrich] What do you mean "not yet"?
William is back,
and he's heading straight for the Skid.
[Jeremy] He can still wreck our mission
if he enters the code "XANA" in the tower.
-[menacing music]
-[panting]
[William laughing]
You can always count on William
to mess everything up.
Any vehicles left for us in your garage?
Odd hates lending out his equipment,
but anyway, here's the overboard.
I'll take care of it. I promise.
Now that I know how to use.
[Ulrich] Yeah!
[both panting]
[Jeremy] Stop! It's to the right.
[Odd] It's locked, Jeremy!
[Jeremy] Okay, I'll hack the lock.
Just give me a couple of seconds.
Odd, you know Ulrich pretty well.
Why'd he do it?
Oh, are you still hung up
on that dumb photograph?
I wanna know why! That's all!
[sighs]
Hmm.
I dunno why. Maybe he…
Uh, maybe it's because
he wanted you to notice him.
Weird way to do it.
Well, he's not always that bright.
And besides, they say
that love can make you a little crazy!
[Odd chuckles]
-Hmm?
-Hmm.
What did you just say?
That Ulrich isn't always that bright?
Uh uh, after that.
[Jeremy] It's open. Get going!
Sorry, no time to chat, Yumi. Let's go.
Hmm. Yeah!
[William panting]
-[yells]
-[Ulrich] Hey, William!
[Ulrich grunts]
Oh, no! Odd's precious overboard! Huh!
[action music]
[grunts]
[straining]
[William yells]
[Odd] Jeremy, what do we do
with the Supercomputer?
Should we bust everything,
or should we finesse it?
[Jeremy] I think finessing it
would be a safer bet.
Describe the thing to me.
Well, there are a lot of wires
and a ton of electronic thingamajigs.
[Jeremy] Thanks! That's a big help!
You're gonna have to be
a little more specific.
[grunting]
All clear, Jeremy.
We took care of William.
Perfect! It's smooth sailing from now on.
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Yumi, Odd,
I think the Supercomputer is based
on a Russian M13 machine.
[Odd] Da! If you say so, Comrade.
[Jeremy] Give me a couple of minutes,
and I'll tell you how to destroy it.
[computer beeping]
[tense music]
What do you know!
[Aelita] Jeremy, what's going on?
[Jeremy] XANA's consolidating the energy
from all of the Replikas.
Huh?
[Jeremy] And I'm not talking
about just two or three!
[Aelita] Why's he doing it?
I wish I knew.
[both gasp]
[Aelita gasps]
-[Ulrich] What was that?
-[Aelita] I have no idea.
[both exclaim]
[Aelita] What's that noise?
[grunts]
[Ulrich] It's coming from behind us.
[Aelita gasps]
[menacing music]
[Ulrich] Oh, that's incredible!
[monster growling]
[gasps]
Oh, whoa! Jeremy!
[Jeremy] Ulrich, I'm getting something
on my screen. What is it?
Ulrich? Aelita?
[Ulrich] We've got a new monster
to deal with, Jeremy, and he's gigantic.
Any idea how to get rid of it?
[Jeremy] Sorry guys, but I don't.
Not for now.
There's only one solution.
Run!
[both panting]
[Ulrich yells]
[both exclaim]
[powering down]
Jeremy, XANA's created
a new kind of monster!
And he's gigantic!
[Aelita] He could destroy the Skid
in a fraction of a second!
[action music]
[Jeremy] Yumi! Odd!
So, you got any info?
Not that we're bored
or anything but, uh…
-[Jeremy] I'm gonna bring you in.
-[Yumi] Huh?
-But we're so close now.
-[Jeremy] We have no choice.
If not,
you could stay virtualized forever.
So let's not waste any time.
Energize Odd.
Energize Yumi.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Odd] Whoa,
what's this chunky hunk doing here?
He's probably as mean as he is ugly!
[gasps]
Jeremy, major trouble.
Get us out of here now.
[Jeremy] You got it. Docking release!
[tense music]
[Odd] Close one. Good work, Einstein.
He's a mountain, not a monster.
I can't to see what Odd's gonna call him.
[theme music]
Hmm… The Kolossus,
with a "K" like in KO!
I dunno who's gonna get KO'd
but the name sure suits him.
We'll never make it now. As soon as
we try to set foot on a Replika,
he'll be there to devirtualize us
before we can say Lyoko.
One thing is sure,
we've gotta change our strategy.
Because right now, XANA controls hundreds
of Supercomputers all over the world.
We'll never be able
to destroy all of them.
Got anything in mind?
No, nothing yet.
-Hmm.
-But I'm working on it.
[Odd yawns]
Stick with it.
But I'm ready to stick
to my pillow right now.
If not, I'll sleep through
my math test tomorrow.
I'm warning you, Odd, if you don't tell
Yumi the truth about the picture,
then I will, you understand?
I want to, but I can't. I'm too chicken.
-[gasps]
-Do it, if you don't wanna get plucked!
Okay, okay.
But let me think it over a little.
Yeah, how long?
Hmm… A hundred years?
-[grumbles]
-[Yumi] Can I talk to you, Ulrich?
Uh, well, I'm off to bed.
See you, guys. See ya.
I had a talk with Odd about the photo.
[Ulrich] Hmm…
And I think I understand why you did it.
But there's something
you ought to know. I--
No, no, let me talk, okay?
You wanted to get my attention,
didn't you?
I guess you thought that
if we had a fight,
that I would start thinking
about you all the time.
-Huh?
-[inhales]
You don't need that to get my attention.
[kisses Ulrich's forehead]
Next time try talking to me instead of
doing something so dumb. Good night.
[sighs]
Uh, good… Good night.
[phone rings]
Hey Odd, what's the matter?
Well, you see,
I can't go on being such a coward.
I want to tell you the truth.
The photo prank was me.
[Yumi] What?
[Odd] Ulrich took the blame
to cover for me, but he's innocent.
You're not still mad, are you?
Let's forget about it
and start from square one tomorrow, okay?
-[gate crashes]
-What a pair of dorks!
Yumi?
You still there?
Odd, something wrong?
No. And you?
No.
I'm cool.
-[student 1] …party on Friday.
-[student 2] Whatever!
[Tamiya] Get your Kadic News here. Extra!
In the Kadic News, how to be first
in line for your medical checkup,
another easy quick recipe,
liverwurst pancakes,
and an exclusive picture
of Odd and Ulrich,
that you're definitely
not gonna wanna miss!
What did you Photoshop this thing?
No way. I took it
when they were coming out of the shower.
[whistling]
Hmm.
-[Odd panting]
-[Ulrich growling]
[Odd] You told me to tell her, didn't you?
[Ulrich] I'm gonna kill you!
[Odd yelling]
[theme music]